[
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 01:09 PM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "Sandip Das", "art_tittle": "Kotak Mahindra Bank share price up 2% after Morgan Stanley maintains overweight call", "art_subtittle": "The research firm has retained its overweight call on the stock with target of Rs 1,475 per share and expects credit cost to be higher in FY21 against last year.", "content_text": "Kotak Mahindra Bank share price was up over 2 percent after global research firm Morgan Stanley had maintained its overweight stance on the stock. The research firm has retained its overweight call on the stock with target of Rs 1,475 per share and expects credit cost to be higher in FY21 against last year, according to a report by CNBC-TV18. The research firm is of the view that moratorium has not shown significant increase from April end with the bulk of moratorium requests dropping materially. FY21 will be a tough year for fees given slower loan growth, it added. The stock price added 15 percent in the last 15 days and was quoting at Rs 1,332.45, up Rs 28.70, or 2.20 percent at 12:48 hours. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 1,354.60 and an intraday low of Rs 1,305.15 and was one of the top index gainers.  According to Moneycontrol SWOT Analysis powered by Trendlyne, Kotak Mahindra Bank has zero promoter pledge with the recent results showing growth in operating profit with increase in operating margins (YoY). Moneycontrol's technical rating is very bullish with technical indicators and moving averages being bullish.", "content_tags": "#Kotak Mahindra Bank", "bread_crum": "Home,News,Business,Stocks"},
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 12:15 PM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "Sunil Shankar Matkar", "art_tittle": "Markets, banks to underperform, don't see extraordinary inflows coming to India: Jimeet Modi", "art_subtittle": "Investing in mid and smallcap has its own share of risks. Their ability to create long term compounded wealth is lower than largecaps.", "content_text": "Given the excess global liquidity, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) should return to India but there are other competing countries which may attract a larger share of FPI money than what we have received in the past. However, the rider is if they see genuine recovery in India only then will we see large inflows, till then we don't see extraordinary inflows coming to India, Jimeet Modi, Founder & CEO, SAMCO Securities & StockNote said in an interview to Moneycontrol's Sunil Shankar Matkar. edited excerpts: Q) Banking & financials were the actual leaders of the recent rally. What does it indicate? Do you think the worst is over for these sectors? A) The main reason banking and financials sharply bounced back after the lockdown was because they had fallen the hardest in the recent mayhem and therefore a bounce-back was natural. Nonetheless, this rally may not sustain as there is little clarity on the extent of bad assets in the moratorium book and that clarity isn't going to emerge before September's quarterly results as RBI relaxed norms for asset classification. Additionally, PSUs too are capital hungry and given the recurring dilution in this space, they might not witness outperformance for at least the next two quarters. Going ahead, we might not see confidence returning in these sectors and therefore they are expected to perform in-line with the market with a downward bias. Q) The market has picked up momentum in the last two weeks and reached near 3-month high. Do you think this is just a short-term rally? A) Indian markets have moved in tandem with global leaders like the US but the ground-level situation in all countries is different. The US has done a fantastic job by sanctioning loans of around $377 billion as a short-term stimulus to small businesses. While in India as far as numbers available for loan disbursements by PSUs to MSMEs (as of June 5) go, it is $1.1 billion. There is a major difference in the macros of US and India and therefore the ground level response will not be the same. However, stocks are moving in lock stock and barrel together which will sooner or later face a reality check. This seems to be a short term rally and sooner or later markets should head lower to align with ground-level realities. Q: Do you think the government and RBI will announce more measures in the coming months? A) This will be an ongoing process given the circumstances. As and when the situations unfold, the RBI and government will respond accordingly. The need of the hour seems to be the unorganized labour and migrant problem whose safety net is of utmost importance. Q) The rally seems to have also been backed by FIIs which bought nearly Rs 14,000 crore in the first week of June. Do you think FIIs flow will continue going forward? A) The current analysis of FPI inflows show us that they have not made secondary market purchases with the same aggression as earlier and the money has been mainly invested in block deals of Kotak Mahindra Bank, HDFC Life, Bharti Airtel and the likes. These are India's best quality businesses but FPIs have not committed capital to broader secondary markets in general. Given the excess global liquidity, FPIs should return to India but there are other competing countries which may attract a larger share of FPI money than what we have received in the past. The rider is, however, if they see genuine recovery in India only then will we see large inflows. But till then we don't see extraordinary inflows coming to India. Q) The midcap and smallcaps also participated in the recent run-up in equal proportion with benchmark indices. What do you make of it? A) Investing in mid and smallcap has its own share of risks. Their ability to create long-term compounded wealth is lower than largecaps. Also, this pandemic may cause many smaller companies to shut shop. Survival and growth would be deadly challenges for these businesses. Therefore, it would be safer for investors to bet on largecaps rather than risk their capital in the quest of generating alpha. Q) What are key and new sectors one should look at now, which can create wealth after COVID-19? Also, what are your top five stock ideas which one should have in portfolio now? A) As the situation is so unpredictable, it would be safer for an investor to maintain a bottom-up approach. The exercise of identifying a sector which will survive COVID-19 might backfire if the company in itself doesn't have the potential to survive this crisis. True wealth would be in identifying companies which are agile and who adopt technology quickly, have low debt, good management and are leaders in their respective sectors. Q) What would be your advice to new investors? A) A new investor should maintain a portfolio approach while investing but also keep sufficient liquidity. At such times, it is better to be risk-averse and maintain diversification. Invest in sectors across the economy in a systematic manner for the next 3-6 months. Don't place your money aggressively in 1 or 2 bets in a view to make quick money. Rather invest in quality largecap stocks keeping a longer timeframe in mind. Don't be afraid even if the market moves lower but hold your stocks if they meet all the basic fundamental checks as these very companies will move ahead post COVID-19 as India continues to survive and grow.", "content_tags": "#MARKET OUTLOOK,#Nifty,#Sensex", "bread_crum": "Home,News,Business,Markets"},
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 11:48 AM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "Sandip Das", "art_tittle": "D-Street Buzz: IT stocks gain led by TCS, HCL Tech; Ramco Systems surges 20% upper circuit", "art_subtittle": "S&P BSE IT added almost a percent led by Ramco Systems which surged 20 percent upper circuit of Rs 91.90 per share followed by TVS Electronics, HCL Infosystems, Expleo Solution and D-Link India.", "content_text": "The Indian stock market continues trading in the green with Sensex up 155.17 points or 0.46 percent at 34111.86, and the Nifty added 38.80 points or 0.39 percent at 10085.50. The IT index gained over half a percent with Nifty IT up 0.6 percent led by Tata Consultancy Services which is of the top index gainer.  Indian rupee is trading higher by 15 paise at 75.46 per dollar, amid buying seen in the domestic equity market. It opened 11 paise higher at 75.50 per dollar on Wednesday against previous close of 75.61. Global research firm Morgan Stanley has an equal-weight rating on the stock with target at Rs 1,780 per share. It is of the view that second-order impact could come in the next few quarters, according to a report by CNBC-TV18. Morgan Stanley is of the view that margin is likely to be under pressure for the next two quarters. TCS expects to gain market share as it emerges from this crisis. The other gainers included HCL Tech which added 2 percent followed by Info Edge, Mphasis, Tech Mahindra and Wipro.  S&P BSE IT added almost a percent led by Ramco Systems which surged 20 percent upper circuit of Rs 91.90 per share. It was the top BSE smallcap gainer. This was followed by TVS Electronics, HCL Infosystems, Expleo Solution, D-Link India, Hinduja Global, 63 Moons Tech and 3i Infotech among others. Manali Bhatia, Senior Research Analyst at Rudra Shares & Stock Brokers recommends buying Tech Mahindra with target at Rs 630 per share. Positive crossover of short term and medium term moving averages are a ray of hope for bulls suggesting that the counter is getting ready for the trend reversal, she said.", "content_tags": "#Buzzing Stocks", "bread_crum": "Home,News,Business,Stocks"},
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 12:05 PM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "Pratik Bhakta", "art_tittle": "Crypto business takes off but industry still waiting for regulations", "art_subtittle": "Global technology majors, which are keen on India, are also looking for some indications from the government before bringing in their exchange businesses.", "content_text": "The Indian crypto industry is in the middle of a boom. Not just local traders and tech enthusiasts but even global cryptocurrency majors want a play in the second coming of virtual currencies in the country. A few of them have started initial operations but most are waiting for clarity from the government on digital tenders before committing their dollars in the Indian market. Industry insiders saw millions of dollars worth of business is being done every week, with the lockdown pushing up the volumes. The government, they say, is losing out on precious revenue by not coming up with a regulatory mechanism. \u201cRegulations will bring platforms into the economy, growing trading volumes will also ensure more revenue for the government, wealth for genuine traders and also ensure fair pricing on booking trades, overall it will be a win-win,\u201d said Naveen Surya, chairman of the Fintech Convergence Council, an industry body for fintech startups . A player like Ripple, which offers international remittance through Ripple Net in partnership with Indian banks, has not given its fiat to cryptocurrency exchange platform in India because of regulatory challenges. New York-based Paxful is also looking to set up a base here to tap into the growing interest in digital currency. In its current form, trading in virtual currencies is not illegal in India but remains a grey area in the absence of guidelines from the government and the Reserve Bank of India following a Supreme Court order earlier this year. The court on March 4, 2020, shot down an RBI order that banned banks from dealing with crypto accounts leading to multiple exchanges coming back to life . Moneycontrol wrote on May 15 that exchanges were seeing a huge jump in business as coronavirus forced Indians indoors and tanked the economy. Investors, too, see potential in this space. Binance acquired the Indian crypto platform WazirX. Recently, Mumbai- based CoinDCX raised equity rounds from Polychain Capital and Bain Capital Ventures. But the question remains: what is the status of cryptocurrency dealings in the country? The RBI has not issued a circular allowing banks to trade in cryptocurrencies. Some payment gateways and mid-sized banks, however, started working with these exchanges, as the ban had been scrapped, sources said. But large banks have stayed away. The central bank had not responded to Moneycontrol\u2019s email seeking comments. The last the government addressed the issue was in 2019 when the finance ministry tabled a draft bill to ban cryptocurrency. Mining, holding, selling, issuing, transferring, or use of cryptocurrency was punishable with a fine or imprisonment of up to 10 years, or both, it said. It also talked about a government-mandated legal digital tender, saying the RBI may also notify a digital currency recognized as legal tender in a foreign jurisdiction, as a foreign currency. A top fintech entrepreneur, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said the bill could have been shelved. After the Supreme Court order, the government was unlikely to go for an outright ban that would push the business into grey market, making it more difficult to be regulated. \u201cWe are working with IAMAI to set some basic standard operating procedure for crypto exchanges like mandatory KYC norms for every trader to be followed, no cash dealings and others,\u201d WazirX cofounder Nischal Shetty said. The Internet and Mobile Association of India is a not-for-profit industry body working for the expansion of the digital economy. With the coronavirus outbreak keeping the government busy, the industry is not expecting any big moves at this moment. As of now, it can make in-principle nod for players to start exchange business mandatory, Shetty said. \u201cEven historically, stock markets had issues. Now, look where regulations and digitisation have taken the Indian stock exchanges. Regarding crypto, a similar approach should be taken by the government and the central bank,\u201d said Surya of Fintech Convergence Council. Lack of regulation has hurt Indian traders in the past. A crypto trader, who spoke to Moneycontrol on the condition of anonymity, said in 2017-18 many people like him lost money because they were buying bitcoins and other cryptocurrencies from unknown platforms. He lost a quarter of a bitcoin, which now costs Rs 7.3 lakh apiece. BitConnect ran a Ponzi scheme on bitcoins and disappeared with more than Rs 20,000 crore of wealth in 2018. \u201cSometimes unsuspecting traders would make the payment but bitcoins would never get credited. In some cases, the exchange disappeared overnight and all the money was lost,\u201d he said. These platforms and their founders should have a public identity and operate within a regulatory framework, which will go a long way in restoring confidence in the sector that is expanding rapidly. Shetty from WazirX said this time the crypto boom was being fuelled by traders who were more aware and there was a lot of material available online to educate people about frauds and risks. Through Youtube videos and blogs people were trying to raise awareness on crypto and the risks in trading in virtual currencies. 2020 was looking way different from 2017 and 18, he said. Global attention India received massive global attention when trading volumes shot through the roof in 2016 and 2017. Many global crypto enthusiasts realised the potential of a country with a billion-plus population, tech prowess and surplus wealth. While many players went away when the RBI announced the ban in 2018 interest has been renewed now. Sagar Sarbhai, who heads the government and regulatory affairs for Asia-Pacific at blockchain company Ripple, said given the investor appetite, India had the making of a large crypto player. But unless the government moved quickly, the opportunity would pass and other emerging economies would be favoured by global players. \u201cWe need banks to participate to open the full potential of our exchange business and banks will only do that after they receive a green signal from the Reserve Bank of India,\u201d said Navin Gupta, managing director for India, Middle East and North Africa at Ripple. Ripple offers fiat to crypto exchange across many remittance corridors. Something similar can be offered in India as well, to open up international remittances through crypto on Ripple. Currencies like Indian Rupee, Dollar, Pounds etc which are official currencies of countries are referred to as fiat currency. Paxful reported weekly volumes of a million dollars in the first few months of 2020. Since May, the volumes had jumped further, it said. Speaking with Moneycontrol from New York, Ray Youssef, chief executive officer of Paxful, said Indians were showing a lot of interest in cryptocurrencies and India along with Africa would emerge as the leaders in the sector in the long run. \u201cWe want to solve genuine pain points and drive financial inclusion through the peer-to-peer market. Those who are looking to use our platforms for illegal activities should stay away,\u201d he said. Crypto to some is a technological leap from the traditional system of currency baskets followed by central banks. For some, it is a speculative asset almost akin to gold or other commodities. For still others, it is an existential threat.", "content_tags": "#bitcoin,#coronavirus,#cryptocurrency,#India,#lockdown,#RBI,#Ripple", "bread_crum": "Home,News,Business,Startup"},
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 12:09 PM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "PTI", "art_tittle": "Indian social app Chingari garners over 100,000 downloads", "art_subtittle": "The custom-designed audio and video based free social platform was developed in 2019 by two Bengaluru-based programmers Biswatma Nayak and Siddharth Gautam in their part time.", "content_text": "Indian social app Chingari said on Wednesday it has garnered more than 100,000 users and the number of subscribers is shooting up steadily. The custom-designed audio and video based free social platform was developed in 2019 by two Bengaluru-based programmers Biswatma Nayak and Siddharth Gautam in their part time. Chingari allows a user to download and upload videos, chat with friends, interact with new people, share content, and browse through feed, it said in a statement. A Chingari user gets the opportunity to go creative with WhatsApp status, videos, audio clips, GIF stickers, and photos. The app is available in multiple languages including English, Hindi, Bangla, Gujarati, Marathi, Kannada, Punjabi, Malayalam, Tamil, and Telugu. Biswatma Nayak, Co-founder of the Chingari App, said, \"Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given us the clarion call of Vocal for Local and Chingari has been developed completely in India. It is the best replacement for video entertainment apps by foreign firms. Chingari isnt a clone of some foreign app but has been designed in keeping with the needs of Indian users.\" \"The primary difference between Chingari and TikTok is that the former pays a content creator on the basis of how viral the video becomes. For every video that you upload on the Chingari app, you get points (per view) which can be redeemed for money.", "content_tags": "#App,#Business,#Chingari,#Companies,#downloads,#Technology", "bread_crum": "Home,News,Business"},
{"date": "Last Updated :    | Source:", "blogger_name": "Moneycontrol News", "art_tittle": "Realtors' demand for one-time debt restructuring logical, genuine and reasonable: Devendra Fadnavis", "art_subtittle": "Criticises banks, NBFCs and HFCs for not passing on the benefit of repo rate cuts to customers", "content_text": "Devendra Fadnavis has promised to take up the demands of the real estate developer community with the Centre, including one-time loan restructuring and financial assistance. The sector is struggling to tide over the COVID-19 crisis and the subsequent dip in sales. The leader of Opposition in Maharashtra legislative assembly and former chief minister was speaking at a webinar organized by Credai MCHI along with representatives of over 15 associations of developers operating in the Mumbai metropolitan region. He assured them that he would raise their concerns and demands to the government. Fadnavis said that \u201clogical, genuine and reasonable\u201d demand (of the developer community) for a one-time debt restructuring will be taken up with the finance minister. He said he has already indicated to union finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman beforehand that he would be accepting a petition from the MCHI developers. \u201cShe immediately gave me a go-ahead,\u201d he said and expressed the confidence that \u201cshe will definitely look into the issue\u201d. \u201cI have already been discussing the real estate and other economic issues at various levels at the Centre and getting a positive response,\u201d he said. Later, Fadnavis tweeted: \u201cReceived online petition from CREDAI-MCHI, signed by almost 35,000 developers. The real estate industry requires many interventions from State & Central Government. I have assured them to take their petition to Hon FM @nsitharaman ji\u201d Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman replied to Fadnavis' tweet saying, \"Thanks Devendra ji. Will receive the petition that you shall send. Assure you that we'll give it a fresh and open-minded look\". In another tweet Fadnavis said, \u201cAlong with other, main issues are restructuring of loans, pushing banks, HFCs & NBFCs to pass on benefits of repo rate cuts to the consumers, input tax credit to be given under GST. I assure all members that these & all issues will be taken up with the appropriate authorities.\u201d \"Banks, NBFCs and HFCs have made large investments in the real estate sectors and if these assets are stressed then the money will come in trouble. So, I feel the demand for one-time restructuring of loans is logical and definitely I will talk to the government to request and indicate that they should consider this demand,\" Fadnavis said at the webinar. The former chief minister expressed concern that banks, but for SBI, have not yet passed on the benefit of the repo rate cut to the end consumer. He agreed with CREDAI MCHI that the massive defaults arising out of high interest rate will ultimately lead to a rise in NPAs for the banks as well and \u201cthis will be disastrous for the economy as a whole\u201d. \"The intention of the Centre and RBI is to revive the sector, However, if banks only think about their profits and margins of 23-25 per cent and do not pass on the benefit then it is wrong as it defeats the intention of the government and RBI,\" he said. \"All financial institutions should pass on the repo rate cut to all the consumers. This will help to improve the liquidity position. We will do the necessary follow up with the Centre,\" he said at the webinar. The banks\u2019 attitude does not live up to the good intentions of the Centre and RBI who are keen on increasing the liquidity, he said. Fadnavis said Prime Minister Narendra Modi is very keen to support the businesses which is why the Rs 20-lakh crore relief package with predominant focus on the MSME sector was announced. On extending the RERA time limit for completion of projects to March 2021, the senior BJP leader said there is a provision for this and he would take it up with the government. On facilitating GST input credit for new projects, Fadnavis said the matter has been flagged to the GST Council and he expected a decision soon.", "content_tags": "#coronavirus,#CREDAI-MCHI,#Fadnavis,#one-time restructuring,#Real Estate", "bread_crum": "Home,News,real estate"},
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 01:15 PM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "Moneycontrol News", "art_tittle": "Ideas For Profit | Can Titan regain its mojo amid covid-led discretionary spending slowdown?", "art_subtittle": "As a core consumption discretionary play Titan will nevertheless stand out.", "content_text": "Titan reported earnings above expectations. However, barring few pockets, discretionary demand is likely to remain subdued in FY21. As a core consumption discretionary play Titan will nevertheless stand out. Is it the right time to look at Titan with an eye on the long term?", "content_tags": "#COVID-19 impact,#Ideas For Profit,#Moneycontrol Videos,#Stock Idea,#titan Q4,#videos", "bread_crum": "Home,News,Business,Earnings"},
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 01:10 PM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "Faizan Javed", "art_tittle": "PPF investments for FY19-20: What you need to do before the extended deadline of June 30", "art_subtittle": "Here are the things PPF deposit holders can do before June 30", "content_text": "Public Provident Fund (PPF) and Sukanya Samriddhi Account (SSA) holders were granted a three-month extension by the government to make deposits for FY 2019-20 till June 30, 2020 due to nationwide lockdown across the country because of a coronavirus outbreak. For this purpose depositors have to give an undertaking that they will not breach the annual ceiling kept for the schemes while making deposits into their respective accounts during the extended period. T his is subject to a maximum deposit ceiling of Rs 1.5 lakh. March 31, 2020 will be considered as the last date for the purpose of payment of interest for this deposit made till June 30. Coronavirus India News LIVE Updates The government had also extended the dates for claiming income tax deduction for 2019-20 to June 30 on making various investments and payments. This includes Section 80C- including investments in PPF, 80D for health insurance and 80G for donations. It is noteworthy that no penalty will apply on non-deposit of mandated minimum deposit in PPF account for FY 2019-20, as announced by the government. Also Read: Reduction in small saving rates will boost RBI's efforts in COVID-19 battle Till June 30, PPF account holders can make the deposit and penalty fee will not be levied on it. Other small savings schemes will also get benefits. If the account had not been operated in any previous years then the default fee will be applied. The relaxation on default fee is confined only for FY20. Also Read: Govt issues guidelines for FY 19-20 investments in small savings under relaxed deadline of June 30 The balance in PPF and SSA as of March 31 will be considered for the purpose of deciding withdrawal limit or loan. PPF subscribers, whose accounts matured on March 31, 2020 and could not extend their accounts due to lockdown, can extend up to June 30.", "content_tags": "#Economy,#personal finance,#PPF,#Public Provident Fund", "bread_crum": "Home,News,Business,Personal Finance"},
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 12:05 PM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "PTI", "art_tittle": "Anand Mahindra invests $1 million in Gurugram-based startup Hapramp", "art_subtittle": "The startup was founded in 2018 by five students of Indian Institute of Information Technology-Vadodara.", "content_text": "Mahindra Group Chairman Anand Mahindra has invested USD 1 million (about Rs 7.5 crore) in Gurugram-based Hapramp -- a startup working on technologies like blockchain and social media. The startup was founded in 2018 by five students of Indian Institute of Information Technology-Vadodara. \"Took 2 yrs, but I finally found the start-up I was looking for! @Hapramp is indigenous, built by 5 young founders & brings together a best-in-class combination of creativity, technology & data protection. Look out for @gosocial_app their social networking platform,\" Mahindra tweeted on Wednesday. In 2018, Mahindra had announced via Twitter a funding opportunity for an Indian social media startup that met certain criteria. He had asked ex-Mahindra executive, Jaspreet Bindra to work with him to find a next-gen Indian social network start-up. \"The Hapramp team is building a Web 3.0 social network. It is built on emerging digital technologies, has a solid business model which rewards content creators, protects personal data, and best of all, is built here locally in India,\" Bindra said. He has been signed on as Executive Advisor and Mentor to the Hapramp founding team. Hapramp has been incubated through its early days by Huddle, a sector-agnostic incubator that is based in Gurugram. It has also invested in Hapramp. In addition to its flagship social networking solution GoSocial, Hapramp also operates 1Ramp.io, a social media platform powered by Steem Blockchain, and Asteria Protocol. Asteria Protocol will help platforms to privately and securely treat public data. \"We are honoured and excited. This is a massive approval of our mission to give creators the right to their content. We plan to use the funds to expand our platform and want to empower creators,\" Hapramp co-founder and CEO Shubhendra Vikram told PTI. He, however, declined to comment on the valuation. Talking about GoSocial, Vikram said the platform has aleady garnered 50,000 users in less than three months. It allows users to take creative challenges designed by photographers, artists, writers, and designers and get rewarded. He added that the current focus is on building userbase and monetisation will happen eventually. The app is available on Google Play Store and will soon be available on Apple App Store as well. \"We are targeting one lakh users in the next three months and 10 lakh by the end of the year in India. We also plan to take the platform to South East Asian countries, we will look at that around October,\" he said. The startup has 12 employees. The founders are based in Gurugram, while the staff is located across the country.", "content_tags": "#Anand mahindra Gurugram,#Business,#Companies,#Hapramp,#Startup", "bread_crum": "Home,News,Business"},
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 12:26 PM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "Moneycontrol News", "art_tittle": "Finance Ministry considering decriminalising select economic offences", "art_subtittle": "The Department of Financial Services (DFS) in a statement requested all stakeholders to provide feedback by June 23.", "content_text": "The Finance Ministry on June 8 proposed decriminalisation of certain economic offences under 39 sections of 19 acts. The Department of Financial Services (DFS) in a notification requested all stakeholders to provide feedback by June 23. FinMin sought comments from state governments/ UT Administrations, civil society/ non-government organisations, academicians, public and private sector organisations, multilateral institutions and members of the public. One of the suggestions included making cheque bouncing and dishonouring of cheques a non-criminal offence under the Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881. The proposal also included decriminalising some offences by individuals under the Banning of Unregulated Deposit Schemes Act, 2019. Other Acts that might be modified include the RBI Act, NABARD Act, SARFAESI Act, Insurance Act, PFRDA Act, and Payments and Settlements Systems Act. The DFS also cited the COVID-19 outbreak as one of the reasons to decriminalise some offences. \"Criminal penalties including imprisonment for minor offences act as deterrents, and this is perceived as one of the major reasons impacting business sentiment and hindering investments both from domestic and foreign investors. This becomes even more pertinent in the post-COVID-19 response strategy to help revive the economic growth and improve the justice system,\" the DFS said in the Statement of Reason.", "content_tags": "#decriminalisation of offences,#Finance Ministry", "bread_crum": "Home,News,Business"},
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 12:45 PM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "Moneycontrol Contributor", "art_tittle": "Story in a chart: All that glitters is still gold, likely to outperform silver", "art_subtittle": "Silver, in dollar terms, has seen a strong move but does it have the ability to continue the streak? Will gold, which has not moved much, catch up?", "content_text": "Gaurav Bissa Silver, in dollar terms, has seen a strong move but does it have the ability to continue the winning streak? Will gold, which has not moved much, catch up? Silver has been trading in a range of monthly charts. It witnessed a strong dip toward $12-odd levels from where a strong bounce toward $18 was seen. However, if one looks at the monthly chart it still shows a range movement that is expected for some more time. There are multiple channels seen in the silver monthly chart. The first channel has a breakout above the monthly close of $19. This is also the level where 10-MMA is placed, which can act as a strong hurdle like it has been doing since 2014. Once $19 level is conquered, it is likely to find hurdle at parallel channel resistance of $21.5, which has not been crossed on a closing basis since 2014. Thus some upside is still possible for silver but for a much larger move it needs to cross critical levels.  Gold has had a consistent run from 2018. While silver has been trading in a range since 2018, gold has been trending from $1,150 an ounce to $1,750, forming higher highs and higher lows. This shows a marked outperformance of yellow metal against silver. However, the index is now approaching levels that have been acting as strong resistance since 2011-2012 at around 1,790-1,820. This is also the level where prz of bearish harmonic bat pattern is also placed, implying prices can correct after approaching the said levels. Once the pattern is triggered, the prices can correct till $1,550-1,400 levels, with negation levels above $1,920 an ounce on a closing basis.   Disclaimer : The views and investment tips expressed by experts on Moneycontrol.com are their own and not those of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.", "content_tags": "#COMEX,#Gold,#gold price today,#portfolio strategy,#silver,#silver price today,#Story in a chart,#What should investors do", "bread_crum": "Home,News,Business,commodities"},
{"date": "Last Updated :    | Source:", "blogger_name": "Moneycontrol News", "art_tittle": "Real estate woes | Private equity investment in sector plummets 93% in 2020", "art_subtittle": "Overall private equity activity in the real estate sector likely to remain subdued in 2020; Capitalisation rates set to expand for office and retail assets, stable for warehousing", "content_text": "The coronavirus pandemic has had a severe impact on private equity investment activity in the real estate sector with only five deals getting sealed in 2020. The investment in 2020 at $238 million was down 93 percent over last year, according to Knight Frank India. The year has also seen 80 percent drop in the number of deals concluded in the first five months when compared to the same period last year, Knight Frank said in its report titled Investments in Real Estate. Sharp slowdown in the domestic economy and specifically real estate sector will keep the investors cautious. Moreover, challenges such as a recall of capital by Sovereign Wealth Funds and Pension funds to give bailout in their home countries and the emergence of attractive opportunities in the developed economies on account of a drop in valuations due to recession would cast its shadow on the PE investments in Indian real estate in 2020, as per the report. After rising for four consecutive years, the private equity investments in office assets declined in 2019. The lack of mature office assets is forcing investors to look at opportunities in under-construction assets and greenfield developments. In the office segment space, so far in 2020, only two deals amounting to $141 million have been concluded and 2.9 million square feet of office space got transacted in the year. After rising for four consecutive years, the private equity investments in office assets declined in 2019. The lack of mature office assets is forcing investors to look at opportunities in under-construction assets and greenfield developments, the report stated. The risk premiums associated with India and office assets would also increase due to the pandemic. Further, the cycle of strong office rental growth witnessed in India over the last few years is also expected to taper down or stagnate on account of lower occupier demand, impacting valuations, the report said. Moreover, the G-sec yields would not come down in line with the repo rate cuts on account of greater government borrowings and breach of fiscal deficit targets. Investors are in a wait and watch mode and are likely to slow down their investments in office assets in India and on account of all the above factors, the capitalisation rates are expected to expand from 2019 levels, it said. Residential may find it challenging to attract private equity capital In the past few years, private equity investors\u2019 preference for investing in residential assets has shifted from equity to debt or structured debt instruments. In 2020, there has been only one private equity investment in the residential sector worth $40 million. The share of PE investments in the real estate space has come down from 60 percent to 11 percent, the report said. Residential sales were already slow and the demand from homebuyers is expected to dwindle in 2020. On the supply side, the segment is already witnessing consolidation. Overall, the recovery in this segment will get further delayed and the residential sector will find it further challenging to attract private equity capital, the report said. Retail may be among the last segment to recover The year 2020 looks to be a bleak year for the retail segment and may not witness much investor activity over the next 12 months. Investors are now associating much greater risk with retail assets compared to office and accounting for longer periods of no rentals or lower rentals in their financial models in the near term on account of revenue share arrangements. Lower investor appetite, G-sec yields not compressing as much as repo cuts, rental degrowth on account of revenue share and heightened risk perceptions would lead to a significant expansion of cap rates for retail assets and take it much higher than office, which was contrary to the scenario in the pre-COVID years, the report said. Limited impact of COVID on the warehousing segment Private equity investors have invested over $7.3 billion in the warehousing industry in the previous decade with 78 percent of the investments going towards creating new assets. The $5.6 billion worth of investments which has gone into new developments are expected to create over 300 mn sq ft of warehousing space in the coming years. In 2020, only two deals were concluded, suggesting an overall investment volume decline in warehousing space due to COVID-19 induced lockdown. However, the adverse impact of the pandemic on the warehousing segment will be relatively less compared to other asset classes. Warehousing segment will be supported by a significant shift in supply chain management methods and renewed growth in e-commerce business. The rising share of e-commerce will to some extent mitigate the adverse impact of lower demand from the other segments, the report said.", "content_tags": "#coronavirus,#investments,#Private equity,#Real Estate", "bread_crum": "Home,News,Business,Real Estate"},
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 12:47 PM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "Viswanath Pilla", "art_tittle": "Panacea joins hands with Ireland's Refana to develop COVID-19 vaccine by early next year", "art_subtittle": "Panacea Biotec Managing Director Rajesh Jain has said the aim is to manufacture over 500 million doses of COVID-19 candidate vaccine, with over 40 million doses expected to be available for delivery early next year.", "content_text": "Biopharmaceutical company Panacea Biotec on June 10 announced its collaboration with Ireland-based biotech Refana to develop, manufacture and distribute an inactivated COVID-19 vaccine. Under the collaboration, Panacea Biotec will be responsible for product development and commercial manufacturing, with the joint venture undertaking clinical development and regulatory submissions across the world. Both Panacea and Refana will undertake sales and distribution of the vaccine in their respective territories. Rajesh Jain, Managing Director of Panacea Biotec, said the aim is to manufacture over 500 million doses of COVD-19 candidate vaccine, with over 40 million doses expected to be available for delivery early next year. \"The world needs a vaccine that is safe, effective, and scalable in a cGMP compliant manufacturing facility that has sizeable capacity and capability to cater to global demand,\" Jain said. \"Whole inactivated viral vaccines have a higher probability of being safe and efficacious, given their long history and better understanding of their mechanism of action, which has been elucidated over many decades,\" Jain added. \"Our partnership with Panacea Biotec brings this dream to a practical realisation with the ability to manufacture 500 million COVID-19 vaccines over 12 months,\" said Dr Phillip Schwartz, Chief Scientific and Medical advisor to Refana Inc., and the founder and president of NASDAQ-listed EnteraBio. significantly accelerate the vaccine development and approval process for its tried and true whole inactivated viral vaccine approach. We are very excited to combine this approach with Panacea Biotec's world-class technology, development and production capabilities,\" Schwartz said. of a novel Tetravalent Dengue Vaccine, Pneumococcal Conjugate vaccine among other differentiated drug development programmes. In April 2019, India Resurgence Fund (IndiaRF), a leading India-focused investment platform, promoted by Piramal Enterprises and Bain Capital, invested Rs 992 crore in the company. Indian companies with large vaccine manufacturing capacities are sought after by biotechs and research institutions in the West, that are developing vaccine.", "content_tags": "#Business,#Companies,#coronavirus,#Health", "bread_crum": "Home,News,Business,Companies"},
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 01:04 PM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "Reuters", "art_tittle": "Applications for asylum in EU plummet during pandemic", "art_subtittle": "The number of asylum applications declined to 8,730 during April, an 86% drop from 61,421 in February, according to figures obtained by Reuters from the European Asylum Support Office (EASO). The EU had shut its external borders in March and many of its 27 member states suspended registration of applications.", "content_text": "Asylum applications in Europe fell to the lowest level in April for over a decade as borders closed to prevent the spread of the coronavirus, European Union figures show, compounding the challenges of people fleeing conflict and persecution. The number of asylum applications declined to 8,730 during April, an 86% drop from 61,421 in February, according to figures obtained by Reuters from the European Asylum Support Office (EASO). The EU had shut its external borders in March and many of its 27 member states suspended registration of applications. The EASO figures also show a 44% drop in asylum applications from February to March, when states began imposing lockdowns. \"It is clear the access that potential asylum applicants had was severely restricted over the past few months, especially initially,\" EASO executive director Nina Gregori told Reuters. \"The situation for those in need of asylum has undoubtedly been very challenging. Already fleeing violence and persecution, the COVID-19 crisis has certainly compounded their situations.\" Most applications during 2020 through April were by Syrians followed by Afghans, Venezuelans and Colombians, EASO data show. It had already become more difficult for asylum seekers to reach Europe in recent years. The bloc has blocked off previous overland migrant routes and provided aid to Libya and Turkey to inhibit crossings by sea into the EU. In April, Italy said it would not let migrant boats operated by charities dock as its ports could not be considered safe because of the coronavirus pandemic. Malta also said it could no longer guarantee the rescue of migrants or allow their disembarkation during the coronavirus emergency. Those who made it to Europe during the COVID-19 pandemic but were unable to apply for asylum are now more at risk, said Petra Baeyens, senior legal officer at the European Council on Refugees and Exiles (ECRE), a network of more than 100 non-governmental organisations across 40 European countries. \"They have limited access to health care, and are considered to be irregularly on the territory as long as they have not made their asylum application,\u00e2\u20ac\u009d Baeyens told Reuters.", "content_tags": "#coronavirus,#Covid-19,#EU,#World News", "bread_crum": "Home,News,World"},
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 11:40 AM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "PTI", "art_tittle": "An additional 49 million people may fall into extreme poverty this year due to COVID-19: UN chief", "art_subtittle": "Secretary-General Guterres warned that unless immediate action is taken, it is increasingly clear that there is an impending global food emergency that could have long-term impacts on hundreds of millions of children and adults.", "content_text": "Nearly 49 million more people are likely to fall into extreme poverty this year due to the COVID-19 crisis and every percentage point drop in the global GDP would mean hundreds of thousands of additional children will have stunted growth, UN chief Antonio Guterres has warned, calling on countries to act immediately to ensure global food security. Secretary-General Guterres warned that unless immediate action is taken, it is increasingly clear that there is an impending global food emergency that could have long-term impacts on hundreds of millions of children and adults. \u201cThere is more than enough food in the world to feed our population of 7.8 billion people. But, today, more than 820 million people are hungry. And some 144 million children under the age of 5 are stunted \u2014 more than 1 in 5 children worldwide. Our food systems are failing, and the COVID-19 pandemic is making things worse,\u201d Guterres said at the launch of the policy brief on food security on Tuesday. \u201cThis year, some 49 million extra people may fall into extreme poverty due to the COVID-19 crisis. The number of people who are acutely food or nutrition insecure will rapidly expand. Every percentage point drop in global gross domestic product (GDP) means an additional 0.7 million stunted children,\u201d he said, adding that even in countries with abundant food, there are risks of disruptions in the food supply chain. Guterres reiterated the need to \u201cact now\u201d to avoid the worst impacts of global efforts to control the pandemic. Launching the policy brief on the impact of the COVID-19 on food security and nutrition, Guterres said nations must mobilise to save lives and livelihoods, focusing attention where the risk is most acute. \"That means designating food and nutrition services as essential, while implementing appropriate protections for food workers.\u201d Guterres stressed the need to preserve critical humanitarian food, livelihood and nutrition assistance to vulnerable groups and to position food in food-crisis countries to reinforce and scale up social protection systems. \u201cCountries need to scale up support for food processing, transport and local food markets, and they must keep trade corridors open to ensure the continuous functioning of food systems,\u201d he said, adding that nations must ensure that relief and stimulus packages reach the most vulnerable, including meeting the liquidity needs of small-scale food producers and rural businesses. Further, Guterres called on nations to strengthen social protection systems for nutrition, safeguard access to safe, nutritious foods, particularly for young children, pregnant and breastfeeding women, older people and to adapt and expand social protection schemes to benefit nutritionally at-risk groups, including supporting children who no longer have access to school meals. Looking beyond the pandemic, the Secretary-General called for transforming food systems to achieve a more inclusive and sustainable world. \u201cWe cannot forget that food systems contribute up to 29 per cent of all greenhouse gas emissions, including 44 per cent of methane, and are having a negative impact on biodiversity.\u201d", "content_tags": "#Antonio Guterres,#coronavirus,#Covid-19,#poverty,#United Nations,#World News", "bread_crum": "Home,News,World"},
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 01:01 PM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "Reuters", "art_tittle": "North Korean leader Kim Jong Un's sister emerges as policymaker in spat with South Korea", "art_subtittle": "Believed to be in her early 30s, Kim Yo Jong is the only close relative of the North Korean leader to play a public role in politics.", "content_text": "The sister of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is taking a leading role in a new, more hard-line pressure campaign against South Korea, highlighting what analysts say is a substantive policy role that goes beyond being her brother's assistant. Believed to be in her early 30s, Kim Yo Jong is the only close relative of the North Korean leader to play a public role in politics. During the 2018-2019 flurry of international diplomacy, Kim Yo Jong garnered global attention by leading a delegation to the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea. Later, she was often seen dashing about to make sure everything went well for her older brother, including holding an ashtray for him at a train station on his way to a summit with U.S. President Donald Trump in Vietnam. But this year, Kim has taken on a more public policy role, cementing her status as an influential political player in her own right. \"Prior to this, Kim Yo Jong was portrayed in state media as Kim Jong Un's sister, his protocol officer, or one of his accompanying officials,\" said Rachel Minyoung Lee, a former North Korea open source intelligence analyst in the U.S. government. \"Now, North Koreans know for sure there is more to her than that.\" Kim has worked behind the scenes in North Korea's propaganda agencies, a role that led the United States to add her to a list of sanctioned senior officials in 2017 because of human rights abuses and censorship. In March, state media carried the first ever statement by Kim, in which she criticised South Korean authorities. That was followed by several more, including a response to comments by Trump, and last week, a warning that the North would cut communications with South Korea. Lee said Kim's statements have a unique style, showcasing her wit and underscoring her powerful position. \"In addition to the harsh words and sarcasm, they can be bitingly witty in ways that the other statements are not,\" Lee said. \"She seems to have more leeway in crafting her statements, which of course is not surprising.\" When state media announced on Tuesday that the hotlines between North and South Korea would be severed, they said Kim Yo Jong and a longtime hard-liner, Kim Yong Chol, championed the decision at a meeting. This rare explanation of a policymaking process portrayed Kim Yo Jong as \"a very substantive person,\" said Michael Madden, a North Korea leadership expert at the Stimson Centre, a U.S.-based think tank. Madden said this new portrayal of Kim in state media may be a subtle dig at international analysts who have cast doubts on her ability to wield influence in the North's male-dominated society.", "content_tags": "#Kim Jong Un,#Kim Yo Jong,#North Korea,#World News", "bread_crum": "Home,News,World"},
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 11:23 AM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "Moneycontrol News", "art_tittle": "Angel Broking added over 1 lakh users since lockdown 1.0, records highest monthly client addition", "art_subtittle": "The firm said its strategy of offering a simplified and most competitive pricing structure, through its iTrade prime plan, facilitated the better than industry growth in client acquisition.", "content_text": "Broking firm Angel Broking on June 10 said it recorded highest-ever average monthly new accounts of over 1 lakh since the lockdown started in March 2020. \"The increase in client base further accelerated our daily trading volumes as we executed around 20 lakh trades in a single day on our platform. This has further enhanced Angel\u2019s multi-segment market leadership,\" the broking firm said in a press release. The firm said its strategy of offering a simplified and most competitive pricing structure, through its iTrade prime plan, facilitated the better than industry growth in client acquisition. \"The plan offers our clients an opportunity to avail full suite of broking services including basic research and advisory, absolutely free,\" the press release said. Prabhakar Tiwari, CMO, Angel Broking, said, \"Angel Broking is a digital-first organisation, which capitalises on leading digital tools and platforms across functions with single-minded consumer-centricity. The current nation-wide lockdown is a blessing in disguise to help showcase our digital broking services, as a superior option in comparison to traditional broking firms.\" \"Given simplified pricing structure and other value-added services in terms of research & advisory, customers have preferred us over the competition by a huge margin particularly in tier 2 and tier 3 towns,\" he added.", "content_tags": "#markets", "bread_crum": "Home,News,Business,Markets"},
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 11:39 AM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "PTI", "art_tittle": "Delhi's COVID-19 cases to reach 5.5 lakh by July 31 possible, community transmission is on: Scientists", "art_subtittle": "Warning of more trouble ahead, Delhi Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia on Tuesday said the number of COVID-19 cases could surge to 5.5 lakh by July 31. This is dramatically higher from the city's tally of 31,309 cases on Wednesday. India's COVID-19 count is 2,76,583.", "content_text": "Mathematical models of the progression of COVID-19 show it would be \u201cpossible\u201d for Delhi to have 5.5 lakh cases by the end of July, several scientists have said while stating that community transmission of the disease may have started a while ago. Warning of more trouble ahead, Delhi Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia on Tuesday said the number of COVID-19 cases could surge to 5.5 lakh by July 31. This is dramatically higher from the city's tally of 31,309 cases on Wednesday. India's COVID-19 count is 2,76,583. \u201cThe model that I used for India found that there could be around 8-10 lakh cases in India by mid or end of July. So it won't be surprising to get to those figures (5.5 lakh) in Delhi,\u201d said Samit Bhattacharya, mathematics professor and researcher at the School of Natural Sciences at Shiv Nadar University. \u201cDelhi getting around 5.5 lakh cases by end July might be possible as the number of cases is growing,\u201d Bhattacharya told PTI. According to virologist Upasana Ray, only epidemiologists and statisticians can comment on exact numbers and predictions. \"I believe that if the government is telling something, there must be some basis to it,\u201d Ray, senior scientist at CSIR-IICB, Kolkata, added. Reaching the alarmingly high figure of 5.5 lakh is possible using mathematical modelling, agreed Lovi Raj Gupta, executive dean of Science and Technology, Lovely Professional University (LPU) in Punjab. \"The validity and the accuracy would depend on the selection of the model based on the variation of data. As this is time-series data, trends and seasonality play vital role,\" Gupta told PTI. Time series analysis is a statistical technique dealing with data in a series of particular time periods or intervals. \"You look at what is happening previously and average it out and on the basis of that you can create the differencing pattern of the future. It can be very well done using time series variation,\u201d Gupta said. Mathematical modelling can be used to understand how a virus spreads within a population, according to a research article published in the journal BMC Public Health. The essence of mathematical modelling lies in writing down a set of mathematical equations that mimic reality. These are then solved for certain values of the parameters within the equations. The solutions of the mathematical model can be refined when information already known about the virus spread is used -- for example, available data on reported number of infections, the reported number of hospitalisations or the confirmed number of deaths due to the infection. Talking to reporters after a meeting of the Delhi Disaster Management Authority, Sisodia also quoted officials from the Centre as saying there is no community transmission of COVID-19 in Delhi. Delhi Health Minister Satyendar Jain added in a separate conversation with the media that the source of infection is \"not known\" in nearly half the fresh cases being reported. Bhattacharya said community transmission \u201cdefinitely\u201d started a long time back in Delhi. \u201cIt doesn't mean the whole of Delhi will have infections uniformly for community transmission to happen. Nearly 30,000 infections in Delhi have already happened and according to the Delhi population it is definitely community transmission,\u201d he said. \u201cAs far as my understanding of disease transmission, in local transmission there is a small spike in the number of infections. After that it gradually increases, and definitely at that point starts the community transmission.\u201d Bhattacharya added. Ray explained that community transmission is said to happen or is a stage of disease transmission which by definition lacks exact source of transmission for many reported cases, that is the source of infection might not be traced back. \u201cWe have seen a very long and stringent lockdown in our country. Yet, the number of cases have been seen to be rising. In many cases we can't trace back the source. \"If the rise in COVID 19 cases can't be linked to community transmission, then the next question should be.....what is the reason for such an increase? Is the virus more virulent? We don't know that either. Are we bringing in infection from elsewhere? How can that be? It was a lockdown.\u201d", "content_tags": "#coronavirus,#Covid-19,#Current Affairs,#Delhi,#India", "bread_crum": "Home,News,India"},
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 12:59 PM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "Moneycontrol Contributor", "art_tittle": "Cotton prices rebound, a good sign ahead of peak sowing season", "art_subtittle": "Apart from low domestic cotton prices, the depreciation in the rupee has given Indian cotton exporters a competitive edge over their global peers.", "content_text": "Ravindra Rao Cotton first month futures, which slipped below Rs 15,000 per bale in the first week of May, have recovered more than 12 percent in less than a month. Lockdown in India, US-China bracing for a fresh round of trade war and weak crude dragged the natural fibre prices to their lowest in more than six years. However, optimism over global demand revival after countries started lifting virus-related restrictions and recovery in crude have led to a steep rise in cotton prices in ICE as well as on the Indian bourse MCX. Against a 12 percent rise in MCX cotton, cotton active contract at ICE has surged by nearly 16 percent in a month. Apart from under performance of domestic cotton prices, sheer depreciation in Indian rupee has given a competitive edge to Indian cotton exporters over their global peers. Hence, despite revising lower Indian cotton output to 330 lakh bales against previous estimates of 354 lakh bales, the Cotton Association of India has increased the export forecast for 2019-20 to around 47 lakh bales, which was previously pegged at nearly 42 lakh bales. Ahead of the peak sowing season, an increase in minismum support price of cotton (MSP) government (long staple at Rs 5,825 per quintal and medium staple Rs 5,255 per quintal, up Rs 275 and Rs 260, respectively), rising prices across the globe and good pace of procurement by the Cotton Corporation of India (CCI) is likely to result in higher acreage this season. CCI as of first week of June procured around 98 lakh bales across the country, which is highest ever quantity procured by the institution. At the beginning of procurement season, CCI had set 100 lakh bales as the initial target. However, as it neared the procurement target with prices still below the MSP, CCI said could extend the procurement above 100 lakh bales. Cotton sowing in the country had reached near 16.7 lakh hectare till June 5, up by 24 percent from the same period last year, Ministry of Agriculture data shows. Sowing in Rajasthan nearly doubled from previous year to 4.5 lakh hectare. Sowing has also commenced in Gujarat early this season due to good water level in reservoirs. Cyclone Nisarga brought good rainfall in key cotton producing regions of the state. As Gujarat's lifeline the Sardar Sarovar Dam on the Narmada river reached its highest level in more than 5 years, the state government has decided to supply water to farmers in Saurashtra, Kutch and North Gujarat from this week. These areas grow crops like cotton, groundnut, castor and other oilseed and pulses. All these developments point to higher cotton acreage in the country for the kharif 2020-21 season. (The author is VP - Head Commodity Research at Kotak Securities.)", "content_tags": "#Commodities,#Expert Columns", "bread_crum": "Home,News,Business,commodities"},
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 01:15 PM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "PTI", "art_tittle": "Arvind Kejriwal says will implement Delhi Lt Guv's order on reservation of hospitals for Delhiites", "art_subtittle": "Addressing an online media briefing, he said data shows that COVID-19 cases will significantly increase in Delhi in the coming days.", "content_text": "Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Wednesday said his government will implement Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal's order overturning the decision on reservation of Delhi government-run and private hospitals for Delhiites. Addressing an online media briefing, he said data shows that COVID-19 cases will significantly increase in Delhi in the coming days. Delhi will need 1.5 lakh beds by July 31 once people start coming to the city for treatment from other states, Kejriwal said. He said that out of the 1.5 lakh beds, it is estimated that 80,000 beds will be required for Delhiites. \"We have a big challenge ahead. We all have to fight against COVID-19 together,\" the chief minister said. The AAP government will try to make arrangements to provide treatment to all, he said, asking people to make the fight against the novel coronavirus a mass movement. \u201cThis is not the time to do politics. We all have to fight COVID-19 together,\u201d Kejriwal said.", "content_tags": "#Arvind Kejriwal,#Delhi,#Delhi Chief Minsiter,#hospital", "bread_crum": "Home,News,Politics"},
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 12:40 PM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "Moneycontrol News", "art_tittle": "QS World University Rankings 2021: Only three Indian institutes make it to the top 200", "art_subtittle": "IIT Bombay, Indian Institute of Science and IIT Delhi feature in the Top 200 list of the Quacquarelli Symonds (QS) World University Rankings 2021", "content_text": "Only three educational institutes from India, the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Bombay, Indian Institute of Science and IIT Delhi feature in the top 200 list of the Quacquarelli Symonds (QS) World University Rankings 2021. Institutes from the United States and the United Kingdom and one from Switzerland (ETH Zurich-Swiss Federal Institute of Technology at rank six) dominated the top 10 spots. Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) of the United States took the number one spot, followed by Stanford University and Harvard University taking the second and third ranks. California Institute of Technology took the fourth spot while the UK's Oxford University took fifth place in the ranking. Among the Indian institutes to feature in the list, IIT Bombay grabbed the top spot at rank 172 (compared to rank 152 in the last year's list) while IISc, Bengaluru was at the 185th spot (rank 184 in previous year). IIT Delhi was ranked 193 (as against rank 182 last year) in the globe. These rankings are used as a reference point by higher education aspirants to choose their university for choice.  IIT Madras is ranked at 275 while IIT Kharagpur was at the 314th spot. Delhi University was ranked in the 501-510 slot. A total of 21 institutes from India made it to the list of 1,000 educational institutions in the world. In the last year rankings, the same three institutes had made it to the top 200 list. However, a total of 24 institutes from India had made it to the top 1,000 educational institutes list.", "content_tags": "#Business,#Economy,#HR", "bread_crum": "Home,News,Business,Economy"},
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 11:33 AM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "Moneycontrol News", "art_tittle": "BSE changes expiry of weekly derivatives contracts from Thursday to Monday", "art_subtittle": "S&P BSE Sensex measures the performance of the top 50 largest stocks from the largecap and midcap space by float-adjusted market capitalisation.", "content_text": "The BSE on June 10 decided to change the expiry of weekly contracts from Thursday to Monday for the equity derivatives segment. The change in weekly expiry for S&P BSE Sensex will be effective from June 29, 2020. \"However, all other contracts (other than weekly contracts) shall continue to expire on last Thursday of the calendar month,\" said the BSE in its release. In addition, BSE has also decided to introduce Liquidity Enhancement Scheme in the equity derivatives segment for S&P BSE Sensex - weekly & monthly futures and options contracts which will be effective July 1, 2020, the exchange said. S&P BSE Sensex measures the performance of the top 50 largest stocks from the largecap and midcap space by float-adjusted market capitalisation.", "content_tags": "#BSE Limited,#Market news", "bread_crum": "Home,News,Business,Markets"},
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 01:12 PM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "PTI", "art_tittle": "SBI to hold virtual annual general meeting on June 17", "art_subtittle": "In April, Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) and Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) had allowed companies to conduct their annual general meeting (AGM) through video conferencing or other audio visual means, during this year due to COVID-19 restrictions.", "content_text": "The country's largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) on Wednesday said it will hold its annual general meeting on June 17, through video conferencing mode. In April, Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) and Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) had allowed companies to conduct their annual general meeting (AGM) through video conferencing or other audio visual means, during this year due to COVID-19 restrictions. The virtual AGM is being organised following requests from various stakeholders in view of COVID-19 lockdown restrictions, SBI said in a release. The meeting will be held at 3 pm via video conferencing or other audio visual means. \"Shareholders will be allowed to e-vote for electing four directors from a list of five candidates as per the provisions of the SBI Act and SBI General Regulations, 1955,\" the bank said.", "content_tags": "#Business,#Companies,#Ministry of Corporate Affairs,#SBI,#State Bank of India,#Virtual annual general meeting", "bread_crum": "Home,News,Business"},
{"date": "Last Updated : Jun 10, 2020 01:17 PM IST    | Source:", "blogger_name": "Kshitij Anand", "art_tittle": "IT, telecom, FMCG and rural themes can ensure consistent returns: Naveen Kulkarni", "art_subtittle": "Investors should focus on downside protection from current levels.", "content_text": "A) The market optimism is not just limited to India. Markets around the world have done very well. Nasdaq has hit an all-time high. The optimism stems from the opening up of the economy, pent-up demand driving subsequent quarters and unlimited liquidity because of central banks around the world. Liquidity continues to be the key driver of asset prices as higher valuations have become the norm. As for the bottom of the market is concerned, the March 2020 bottom seems to be more likely set for now and we are unlikely to test such lows any time soon. A) While the bottom and the rise have been very fast but the challenges of the new order are yet to be seen. There will be challenges of growth coming back to normal levels post the pent up demand period and improvement in capacity utilization. This is a challenge that markets will face over the next year. A) All the sectors will benefit as lockdown opens but in the immediate term the consumer discretionary space, which had almost zero sales during the lockdown period, should see the strongest improvement. Apart from consumer discretionary, areas like restaurants, jewellery, auto and apparels will see a significant respite. A) There is value in the financial space as valuations are compressed and challenges could be manageable. We are slowly increasing allocation in the financial space. The auto sector, on the other hand, has rallied and it offers limited upside from the current levels. We also believe that there are structural demand challenges for the bulk of the automobiles sector (barring tractors) and continue to remain cautious on the sector. The realty sector can be an interesting contra long-term bet but the near-term challenges remain significant. A) BFSIwill be clearly the sector to lead the rally, as valuations are compressed and the impact (of the lockdown) on the sector was quite significant. Apart from financials, the IT sector should continue to see an increase in allocation over the next couple of months as it is a solid bet of the global recovery. A) May saw good inflows from the FIIs and flows have continued June as well. However, predicting FII flows is a great challenge as it is ETF and quant-driven, which is based on global liquidity. It is best to assume that FII flows will remain highly uncertain while the DII flows will be quite consistent. That is the most predictable trend. A) Investors should focus on downside protection from current levels. Some of the good themes which will gain more traction are strong balance sheets, digital, telecom, consumer staples, and rural themes. Investing in IT, telecom, FMCG and rural themes is a good way for consistent returns and preserving capital also. A) A small amount of liquidity can move the small and midcaps so that theme is playing out for now. However, we would be cautious about smallcaps for now unless they fit our larger themes and are backed by a solid balance-sheet. Thus, it makes sense to have a cautious approach on themes and not necessarily on the market cap objective. Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by experts on Moneycontrol.com are their own and not those of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.", "content_tags": "#Covid-19,#MARKET OUTLOOK", "bread_crum": "Home,News,Business,Markets"}
]